drop database anime_tracker;

create database anime_tracker;
use anime_tracker;

create table User (
	UserID int primary key auto_increment,
    username varchar (50) not null unique,
    userpassword varchar (255) not null,
    display_name varchar (50) not null unique,
    email varchar (100) not null unique,
    first_login timestamp default current_timestamp,
    Last_login timestamp default current_timestamp on update current_timestamp
);

create table Watchlist (
	WatchlistID int auto_increment primary key,
    UserID int not null,
    AnimeID int not null,
    status ENUM('Completed', 'Watching', 'Plan to Watch'),
    last_updated timestamp default current_timestamp on update current_timestamp
);

create table Anime (
	AnimeID int primary key auto_increment,
    title varchar (500) not null,
    type ENUM('TV', 'Movie', 'ONA', 'OVA', 'Special') not null,
    episodes int default 12,
    status ENUM('Airing', 'Completed', 'Upcoming') not null,
    airing_start date,
    airing_end date null,
    rating ENUM('1', '2', '3', '4', '5'),
    synopsis TEXT,
    StudioID int not null,
    TagID int not null,
    image_url varchar (255)
);

create table Studio (
	StudioID int auto_increment primary key,
    studio_name varchar (255) not null,
    rating ENUM('1', '2', '3', '4', '5')
);

create table Tags (
	TagID int primary key auto_increment,
    tag varchar (50) not null
);

alter table Watchlist add foreign key (UserID) references User (UserID);
alter table Watchlist add foreign key (AnimeID) references Anime (AnimeID);
alter table Anime add foreign key (StudioID) references Studio (StudioID);
alter table Anime add foreign key (TagID) references Tags (TagID);

ALTER TABLE studio AUTO_INCREMENT = 1;

insert into user (username, userpassword, display_name, email)
values ('mirkolouis', '12345', 'MirkoLouis', 'mirkolouis33@gmail.com'),
('serenity', '12345', 'Serenity', 'serenity@gmail.com'),
('popoythegreat', '12345', 'Popoy123', 'popoythegreat@gmail.com'),
('darkstalker', '12345', 'DrkStalker', 'darkstalker@gmail.com'),
('meerko123', '12345', 'Meerko', 'meerko@gmail.com')
;

insert into tags (tag)
values ('Action'),
('Romance'),
('Isekai'),
('Comedy'),
('Horror')
;

insert into studio (studio_name, rating)
values ('WIT Studio', 5),
('Pierrot', 5),
('8bit', 5),
('CoMix Wave Films', 5),
('Toei Animation', 5)
;

insert into anime (title, type, episodes, status, airing_start, airing_end, rating, synopsis, StudioID, TagID, image_url) 
values 
('Sousou no Frieren', 'TV', 28, 'Completed', '2023-09-29', '2024-03-22', '5', 'During their decade-long quest to defeat the Demon King, the members of the hero''s party—Himmel himself, the priest Heiter, the dwarf warrior Eisen, and the elven mage Frieren—forge bonds through adventures and battles, creating unforgettable precious memories for most of them.

However, the time that Frieren spends with her comrades is equivalent to merely a fraction of her life, which has lasted over a thousand years. When the party disbands after their victory, Frieren casually returns to her "usual" routine of collecting spells across the continent. Due to her different sense of time, she seemingly holds no strong feelings toward the experiences she went through.

As the years pass, Frieren gradually realizes how her days in the hero''s party truly impacted her. Witnessing the deaths of two of her former companions, Frieren begins to regret having taken their presence for granted; she vows to better understand humans and create real personal connections. Although the story of that once memorable journey has long ended, a new tale is about to begin.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1015/138006.jpg'),
('Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood', 'TV', 64, 'Completed', '2009-04-05', '2010-07-04', '5', 'After a horrific alchemy experiment goes wrong in the Elric household, brothers Edward and Alphonse are left in a catastrophic new reality. Ignoring the alchemical principle banning human transmutation, the boys attempted to bring their recently deceased mother back to life. Instead, they suffered brutal personal loss: Alphonse''s body disintegrated while Edward lost a leg and then sacrificed an arm to keep Alphonse''s soul in the physical realm by binding it to a hulking suit of armor.

The brothers are rescued by their neighbor Pinako Rockbell and her granddaughter Winry. Known as a bio-mechanical engineering prodigy, Winry creates prosthetic limbs for Edward by utilizing "automail," a tough, versatile metal used in robots and combat armor. After years of training, the Elric brothers set off on a quest to restore their bodies by locating the Philosopher''s Stone—a powerful gem that allows an alchemist to defy the traditional laws of Equivalent Exchange.

As Edward becomes an infamous alchemist and gains the nickname "Fullmetal," the boys'' journey embroils them in a growing conspiracy that threatens the fate of the world.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1208/94745.jpg'),
('Steins;Gate', 'TV', 24, 'Completed', '2011-04-06', '2011-09-14', '5', 'Eccentric scientist Rintarou Okabe has a never-ending thirst for scientific exploration. Together with his ditzy but well-meaning friend Mayuri Shiina and his roommate Itaru Hashida, Okabe founds the Future Gadget Laboratory in the hopes of creating technological innovations that baffle the human psyche. Despite claims of grandeur, the only notable "gadget" the trio have created is a microwave that has the mystifying power to turn bananas into green goo.

However, when Okabe attends a conference on time travel, he experiences a series of strange events that lead him to believe that there is more to the "Phone Microwave" gadget than meets the eye. Apparently able to send text messages into the past using the microwave, Okabe dabbles further with the "time machine," attracting the ire and attention of the mysterious organization SERN.

Due to the novel discovery, Okabe and his friends find themselves in an ever-present danger. As he works to mitigate the damage his invention has caused to the timeline, Okabe fights a battle to not only save his loved ones but also to preserve his degrading sanity.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1935/127974.jpg'),
('One Piece Fan Letter', 'Special', 1, 'Completed', '2024-10-20', NULL, '5', 'Although the golden age of piracy is about to reach new heights, most people do not seek the glory of finding the elusive One Piece—a treasure signifying a new conqueror of all seas that was once embodied by the legendary King of the Pirates, Gol D. Roger. However, even if civilians generally despise pirates, they secretly cheer for at least one of them. 

One red-headed girl from Sabaody Archipelago is no exception: She reveres Nami, the ingenious female navigator of Monkey D. Luffy''s Straw Hat crew. Determined to deliver a fan letter to her idol, the Sabaody child is prepared to challenge forces of authority who strive to prevent Luffy and his friends from departing for their next destination: the New World. But to succeed, Nami''s fan may need to risk her life and interfere with the Marines'' plans, potentially causing devastating consequences for the wider world.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1455/146229.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 Part 2', 'TV', 10, 'Completed', '2019-04-29', '2019-07-01', '5', 'Seeking to restore humanity''s diminishing hope, the Survey Corps embark on a mission to retake Wall Maria, where the battle against the merciless "Titans" takes the stage once again.

Returning to the tattered Shiganshina District that was once his home, Eren Yeager and the Corps find the town oddly unoccupied by Titans. Even after the outer gate is plugged, they strangely encounter no opposition. The mission progresses smoothly until Armin Arlert, highly suspicious of the enemy''s absence, discovers distressing signs of a potential scheme against them. 

Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 Part 2 follows Eren as he vows to take back everything that was once his. Alongside him, the Survey Corps strive—through countless sacrifices—to carve a path towards victory and uncover the secrets locked away in the Yeager family''s basement.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1517/100633.jpg'),
('Gintama°', 'TV', 51, 'Completed', '2015-04-08', '2016-03-30', '5', 'Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven''t been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko?

Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team.

Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama''s fourth season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/3/72078.jpg'),
('Gintama: The Final', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2021-01-08', NULL, '5', 'Two years have passed following the Tendoshuu''s invasion of the O-Edo Central Terminal. Since then, the Yorozuya have gone their separate ways. Foreseeing Utsuro''s return, Gintoki Sakata begins surveying Earth''s ley lines for traces of the other man''s Altana. After an encounter with the remnants of the Tendoshuu—who continue to press on in search of immortality—Gintoki returns to Edo.

Later, the regrouped Shinsengumi and Yorozuya begin an attack on the occupied Central Terminal. With the Altana harvested by the wreckage of the Tendoshuu''s ship in danger of detonating, the Yorozuya and their allies fight their enemies while the safety of Edo—and the rest of the world—hangs in the balance. Fulfilling the wishes of their teacher, Shouyou Yoshida''s former students unite and relive their pasts one final time in an attempt to save their futures.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1245/116760.jpg'),
('Hunter x Hunter (2011)', 'TV', 148, 'Completed', '2011-10-02', '2014-09-24', '5', 'Hunters devote themselves to accomplishing hazardous tasks, all from traversing the world''s uncharted territories to locating rare items and monsters. Before becoming a Hunter, one must pass the Hunter Examination—a high-risk selection process in which most applicants end up handicapped or worse, deceased.

Ambitious participants who challenge the notorious exam carry their own reason. What drives 12-year-old Gon Freecss is finding Ging, his father and a Hunter himself. Believing that he will meet his father by becoming a Hunter, Gon takes the first step to walk the same path.

During the Hunter Examination, Gon befriends the medical student Leorio Paladiknight, the vindictive Kurapika, and ex-assassin Killua Zoldyck. While their motives vastly differ from each other, they band together for a common goal and begin to venture into a perilous world.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1337/99013.jpg'),
('Gintama''', 'TV', 51, 'Completed', '2011-04-04', '2012-03-26', '5', 'After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child.

Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou''s request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it.

With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama'' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/4/50361.jpg'),
('Gintama'': Enchousen', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2012-10-04', '2013-03-28', '5', 'While Gintoki Sakata was away, the Yorozuya found themselves a new leader: Kintoki, Gintoki''s golden-haired doppelganger. In order to regain his former position, Gintoki will need the help of those around him, a troubling feat when no one can remember him! Between Kintoki and Gintoki, who will claim the throne as the main character?

In addition, Yorozuya make a trip back down to red-light district of Yoshiwara to aid an elderly courtesan in her search for her long-lost lover. Although the district is no longer in chains beneath the earth''s surface, the trio soon learn of the tragic backstories of Yoshiwara''s inhabitants that still haunt them. With flashback after flashback, this quest has Yorozuya witnessing everlasting love and protecting it as best they can with their hearts and souls.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1452/123686.jpg'),
('Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu', 'OVA', 110, 'Completed', '1988-01-08', '1997-03-17', '5', 'The 150-year-long stalemate between the two interstellar superpowers, the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance, comes to an end when a new generation of leaders arises: the idealistic military genius Reinhard von Lohengramm, and the FPA''s reserved historian, Yang Wenli.

While Reinhard climbs the ranks of the Empire with the aid of his childhood friend, Siegfried Kircheis, he must fight not only the war, but also the remnants of the crumbling Goldenbaum Dynasty in order to free his sister from the Kaiser and unify humanity under one genuine ruler. Meanwhile, on the other side of the galaxy, Yang—a strong supporter of democratic ideals—has to stand firm in his beliefs, despite the struggles of the FPA, and show his pupil, Julian Mintz, that autocracy is not the solution.

As ideologies clash amidst the war''s many casualties, the two strategic masterminds must ask themselves what the real reason behind their battle is.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1976/142016.jpg'),
('Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2022-10-11', '2022-12-27', '5', 'Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo Kurosaki spends his days fighting against Hollows, dangerous evil spirits that threaten Karakura Town. Ichigo carries out his quest with his closest allies: Orihime Inoue, his childhood friend with a talent for healing; Yasutora Sado, his high school classmate with superhuman strength; and Uryuu Ishida, Ichigo''s Quincy rival.

Ichigo''s vigilante routine is disrupted by the sudden appearance of Asguiaro Ebern, a dangerous Arrancar who heralds the return of Yhwach, an ancient Quincy king. Yhwach seeks to reignite the historic blood feud between Soul Reaper and Quincy, and he sets his sights on erasing both the human world and the Soul Society for good.

Yhwach launches a two-pronged invasion into both the Soul Society and Hueco Mundo, the home of Hollows and Arrancar. In retaliation, Ichigo and his friends must fight alongside old allies and enemies alike to end Yhwach''s campaign of carnage before the world itself comes to an end.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1908/135431.jpg'),
('Gintama.', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2017-01-09', '2017-03-27', '5', 'After joining the resistance against the bakufu, Gintoki and the gang are in hiding, along with Katsura and his Joui rebels. The Yorozuya is soon approached by Nobume Imai and two members of the Kiheitai, who explain that the Harusame pirates have turned against 7th Division Captain Kamui and their former ally Takasugi. The Kiheitai present Gintoki with a job: find Takasugi, who has been missing since his ship was ambushed in a Harusame raid. Nobume also makes a stunning revelation regarding the Tendoushuu, a secret organization pulling the strings of numerous factions, and their leader Utsuro, the shadowy figure with an uncanny resemblance to Gintoki''s former teacher.

Hitching a ride on Sakamoto''s space ship, the Yorozuya and Katsura set out for Rakuyou, Kagura''s home planet, where the various factions have gathered and tensions are brewing. Long-held grudges, political infighting, and the Tendoushuu''s sinister overarching plan finally culminate into a massive, decisive battle on Rakuyou.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/3/83528.jpg'),
('Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai: Ultra Romantic', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2022-04-09', '2022-06-25', '5', 'The elite members of Shuchiin Academy''s student council continue their competitive day-to-day antics. Council president Miyuki Shirogane clashes daily against vice-president Kaguya Shinomiya, each fighting tooth and nail to trick the other into confessing their romantic love. Kaguya struggles within the strict confines of her wealthy, uptight family, rebelling against her cold default demeanor as she warms to Shirogane and the rest of her friends.

Meanwhile, council treasurer Yuu Ishigami suffers under the weight of his hopeless crush on Tsubame Koyasu, a popular upperclassman who helps to instill a new confidence in him. Miko Iino, the newest student council member, grows closer to the rule-breaking Ishigami while striving to overcome her own authoritarian moral code.

As love further blooms at Shuchiin Academy, the student council officers drag their outsider friends into increasingly comedic conflicts.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1160/122627.jpg'),
('Fruits Basket: The Final', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2021-04-06', '2021-06-29', '5', 'Hundreds of years ago, the Chinese zodiac spirits and their god swore to stay together eternally. United by this promise, the possessed members of the Souma family shall always return to each other under any circumstances. Yet, when these bonds shackle them from freedom, it becomes an undesirable burden—a curse. As head of the clan, Akito is convinced that he shares a special connection with the other Soumas. While he desperately clings to this fantasy, the rest of the family remains isolated and suppressed by the fear of punishment.

Tooru Honda, who has grown attached to the Soumas, is determined to break the chains that bind them. Her companionship with the family and her friends encourages her to move forward with lifting the curse. However, due to confounding revelations, she struggles to find the tenacity to continue her endeavors. With time slowly withering away, Tooru contends with an uncertain future in hopes of reaching the tranquility that may lie beyond all this commotion.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1085/114792.jpg'),
('Clannad: After Story', 'TV', 24, 'Completed', '2008-10-03', '2009-03-27', '5', 'Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa have graduated from high school, and together, they experience the emotional rollercoaster of growing up. Unable to decide on a course for his future, Tomoya learns the value of a strong work ethic and discovers the strength of Nagisa''s support. Through the couple''s dedication and unity of purpose, they push forward to confront their personal problems, deepen their old relationships, and create new bonds.

Time also moves on in the Illusionary World. As the plains grow cold with the approach of winter, the Illusionary Girl and the Garbage Doll are presented with a difficult situation that reveals the World''s true purpose.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1299/110774.jpg'),
('Gintama', 'TV', 201, 'Completed', '2006-04-04', '2010-03-25', '5', 'Edo is a city that was home to the vigor and ambition of samurai across the country. However, following feudal Japan''s surrender to powerful aliens known as the "Amanto," those aspirations now seem unachievable. With the once-influential shogunate rebuilt as a puppet government, a new law is passed that promptly prohibits all swords in public. 

Enter Gintoki Sakata, an eccentric silver-haired man who always carries around a wooden sword and maintains his stature as a samurai despite the ban. As the founder of Yorozuya, a small business for odd jobs, Gintoki often embarks on endeavors to help other people—though usually in rather strange and unforeseen ways. 

Assisted by Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses supposedly learning the way of the samurai; Kagura, a tomboyish girl with superhuman strength and an endless appetite; and Sadaharu, their giant pet dog who loves biting on people''s heads, the Yorozuya encounter anything from alien royalty to scuffles with local gangs in the ever-changing world of Edo.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/10/73274.jpg'),
('Koe no Katachi', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2016-09-17', NULL, '5', 'As a wild youth, elementary school student Shouya Ishida sought to beat boredom in the cruelest ways. When the deaf Shouko Nishimiya transfers into his class, Shouya and the rest of his class thoughtlessly bully her for fun. However, when her mother notifies the school, he is singled out and blamed for everything done to her. With Shouko transferring out of the school, Shouya is left at the mercy of his classmates. He is heartlessly ostracized all throughout elementary and middle school, while teachers turn a blind eye.

Now in his third year of high school, Shouya is still plagued by his wrongdoings as a young boy. Sincerely regretting his past actions, he sets out on a journey of redemption: to meet Shouko once more and make amends.

Koe no Katachi tells the heartwarming tale of Shouya''s reunion with Shouko and his honest attempts to redeem himself, all while being continually haunted by the shadows of his past.
 
[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1122/96435.jpg'),
('3-gatsu no Lion 2nd Season', 'TV', 22, 'Completed', '2017-10-14', '2018-03-31', '5', 'Now in his second year of high school, Rei Kiriyama continues pushing through his struggles in the professional shogi world as well as his personal life. Surrounded by vibrant personalities at the shogi hall, the school club, and in the local community, his solitary shell slowly begins to crack. Among them are the three Kawamoto sisters—Akari, Hinata, and Momo—who forge an affectionate and familial bond with Rei. Through these ties, he realizes that everyone is burdened by their own emotional hardships and begins learning how to rely on others while supporting them in return. 

Nonetheless, the life of a professional is not easy. Between tournaments, championships, and title matches, the pressure mounts as Rei advances through the ranks and encounters incredibly skilled opponents. As he manages his relationships with those who have grown close to him, the shogi player continues to search for the reason he plays the game that defines his career.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/3/88469.jpg'),
('Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch R2', 'TV', 25, 'Completed', '2008-04-06', '2008-09-28', '5', 'One year has passed since the Black Rebellion, a failed uprising against the Holy Britannian Empire led by the masked vigilante Zero, who is now missing. At a loss without their revolutionary leader, Area 11''s resistance group—the Black Knights—find themselves too powerless to combat the brutality inflicted upon the Elevens by Britannia, which has increased significantly in order to crush any hope of a future revolt. 

Lelouch Lamperouge, having lost all memory of his double life, is living peacefully alongside his friends as a high school student at Ashford Academy. His former partner C.C., unable to accept this turn of events, takes it upon herself to remind him of his past purpose, hoping that the mastermind Zero will rise once again to finish what he started, in this thrilling conclusion to the series.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1088/135089.jpg'),
('Gintama Movie 2: Kanketsu-hen - Yorozuya yo Eien Nare', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2013-07-06', NULL, '5', 'When Gintoki apprehends a movie pirate at a premiere, he checks the camera''s footage and finds himself transported to a bleak, post-apocalyptic version of Edo, where a mysterious epidemic called the "White Plague" has ravished the world''s population. It turns out that the movie pirate wasn''t a pirate after all—it was an android time machine, and Gintoki has been hurtled five years into the future! Shinpachi and Kagura, his Yorozuya cohorts, have had a falling out and are now battle-hardened solo vigilantes and he himself has been missing for years, disappearing without a trace after scribbling a strange message in his journal.

Setting out in the disguise given to him by the android time machine, Gintoki haphazardly reunites the Yorozuya team to investigate the White Plague, and soon discovers that the key to saving the future lies in the darkness of his own past. Determined to confront a powerful foe, he makes an important discovery—with a ragtag band of friends and allies at his side, he doesn''t have to fight alone.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/10/51723.jpg'),
('Gintama. Shirogane no Tamashii-hen - Kouhan-sen', 'TV', 14, 'Completed', '2018-07-09', '2018-10-08', '5', 'Following the temporary retreat of the Altana Liberation Army from the Kabuki District, the state of the war has seemingly improved. However, as the Oniwaban, Shinsengumi, and residents of the district combat the army''s remnants, Edo''s greatest inventor Gengai Hiraga is abducted. Responsible for causing the enemy''s withdrawal by rendering their weapons useless, Gengai''s nanomachine virus is now at risk of being shut down.

Meanwhile, a laser capable of obliterating a planet is activated in Earth''s orbit on the Liberation Army''s mother ship. Another battle ensues when Shinsuke Takasugi and the rest of the Kiheitai arrive on the vessel to stop the weapon from firing. Forced to fight a war on two fronts, the Yorozuya and their allies must prevail on both sides to save Edo and the rest of the world.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1776/96566.jpg'),
('Monster', 'TV', 74, 'Completed', '2004-04-07', '2005-09-28', '5', 'Dr. Kenzou Tenma, an elite neurosurgeon recently engaged to his hospital director''s daughter, is well on his way to ascending the hospital hierarchy. That is until one night, a seemingly small event changes Dr. Tenma''s life forever. While preparing to perform surgery on someone, he gets a call from the hospital director telling him to switch patients and instead perform life-saving brain surgery on a famous performer. His fellow doctors, fiancée, and the hospital director applaud his accomplishment; but because of the switch, a poor immigrant worker is dead, causing Dr. Tenma to have a crisis of conscience.

So when a similar situation arises, Dr. Tenma stands his ground and chooses to perform surgery on the young boy Johan Liebert instead of the town''s mayor. Unfortunately, this choice leads to serious ramifications for Dr. Tenma—losing his social standing being one of them. However, with the mysterious death of the director and two other doctors, Dr. Tenma''s position is restored. With no evidence to convict him, he is released and goes on to attain the position of hospital director. 

Nine years later when Dr. Tenma saves the life of a criminal, his past comes back to haunt him—once again, he comes face to face with the monster he operated on. He must now embark on a quest of pursuit to make amends for the havoc spread by the one he saved.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/10/18793.jpg'),
('Kusuriya no Hitorigoto', 'TV', 24, 'Completed', '2023-10-22', '2024-03-24', '5', 'Maomao, an apothecary''s daughter, has been plucked from her peaceful life and sold to the lowest echelons of the imperial court. Now merely a maid, Maomao settles into her new mundane life and hides her extensive knowledge of medicine in order to avoid any unwanted attention.

Not long after Maomao''s arrival, the emperor''s infant children inexplicably begin to experience grave symptoms—almost as if a curse has been cast. The curious Maomao easily solves the mystery and, to remain out of the limelight, attempts to leave an anonymous tip. Unfortunately, the dashing and perceptive eunuch Jinshi sees through it and manages to single her out.

In recognition of her talent, Maomao is promoted to lady-in-waiting for the emperor''s favorite concubine, Gyokuyou. As Maomao continues to remedy the numerous ailments afflicting the imperial court, her pharmaceutical expertise quickly proves indispensable.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1708/138033.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season - Kanketsu-hen', 'Special', 2, 'Completed', '2023-03-04', '2023-11-05', '5', 'In the wake of Eren Yeager''s cataclysmic actions, his friends and former enemies form an alliance against his genocidal rampage. Though once bitter foes, Armin Arlert, Mikasa Ackerman, and the remaining members of the Scout Regiment join forces with Reiner Braun and the survivors of the Marleyan military. Their meager united front sets out on a mission to stop Eren''s wrath and—if possible—save their old comrade in the process.

As Eren pushes forward at any cost, he battles his own internal turmoil. Although he feels immense remorse over his horrific invasion, Eren believes he harbors noble intentions: he believes the path ahead is the only way to save his friends and, to a greater extent, his people.

The opposing battalions spiral toward an inevitable final clash that may claim the lives of millions. Though they face an army of monsters beyond anything they could have previously imagined, Mikasa, Armin, and their allies stand brave in the face of certain doom.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1279/131078.jpg'),
('Owarimonogatari 2nd Season', 'Special', 7, 'Completed', '2017-08-12', '2017-08-13', '5', 'Following an encounter with oddity specialist Izuko Gaen, third-year high school student Koyomi Araragi wakes up in a strange, deserted void only to be greeted by a joyfully familiar face in an alarmingly unfamiliar place.  

Araragi, with the help of his girlfriend Hitagi Senjougahara, maneuvers through the webs of his past and the perplexities of the present in search of answers. However, fate once again delivers him to the eccentric transfer student Ougi Oshino, who brings forth an unexpected proposal that may unearth the very foundation to which he is anchored. As Araragi peels back the layers of mystery surrounding an apparition, he discovers a truth not meant to be revealed.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/6/87322.jpg'),
('Violet Evergarden Movie', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2020-09-18', NULL, '5', 'Several years have passed since the end of The Great War. As the radio tower in Leidenschaftlich continues to be built, telephones will soon become more relevant, leading to a decline in demand for "Auto Memory Dolls." Even so, Violet Evergarden continues to rise in fame after her constant success with writing letters. However, sometimes the one thing you long for is the one thing that does not appear.

Violet Evergarden Movie follows Violet as she continues to comprehend the concept of emotion and the meaning of love. At the same time, she pursues a glimmer of hope that the man who once told her, "I love you," may still be alive even after the many years that have passed.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1825/110716.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin Movie: Kanketsu-hen - The Last Attack', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2024-11-08', NULL, '5', 'A compilation movie for Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season - Kanketsu-hen.', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1379/145452.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin Movie: Kanketsu-hen - The Last Attack', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2024-11-08', NULL, '5', 'A compilation movie for Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season - Kanketsu-hen.', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1379/145452.jpg'),
('Kingdom 3rd Season', 'TV', 26, 'Completed', '2020-04-06', '2021-10-17', '5', 'Following the successful Sanyou campaign, the Qin army, including 1,000-Man Commander Xin, inches ever closer to fulfilling King Ying Zheng''s dream of unifying China. With a major geographical foothold in the state of Wei now under its control, Qin sets its sights eastward toward the remaining warring states.

Meanwhile Li Mu—an unparalleled strategist and the newly appointed prime minister of the state of Zhao—has taken advantage of Zhao''s temporary truce with Qin to negotiate with the other states without interruption. Seemingly without warning, Ying Zheng receives news that armies from the states of Chu, Zhao, Wei, Han, Yan, and Qi have crossed into Qin territory. Realizing too late the purpose behind Li Mu''s truce with Qin, Zheng quickly gathers his advisors to devise a plan to address the six-state coalition army on their doorstep. For the first time in history, the state of Qin faces complete destruction and must use every resource and strategy at their disposal to prevent themselves from being wiped off the map.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1443/111830.jpg'),
('Kimi no Na wa.', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2016-08-26', NULL, '5', 'Mitsuha Miyamizu, a high school girl, yearns to live the life of a boy in the bustling city of Tokyo—a dream that stands in stark contrast to her present life in the countryside. Meanwhile in the city, Taki Tachibana lives a busy life as a high school student while juggling his part-time job and hopes for a future in architecture.

One day, Mitsuha awakens in a room that is not her own and suddenly finds herself living the dream life in Tokyo—but in Taki''s body! Elsewhere, Taki finds himself living Mitsuha''s life in the humble countryside. In pursuit of an answer to this strange phenomenon, they begin to search for one another.

Kimi no Na wa. revolves around Mitsuha and Taki''s actions, which begin to have a dramatic impact on each other''s lives, weaving them into a fabric held together by fate and circumstance.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/5/87048.jpg'),
('Kusuriya no Hitorigoto 2nd Season', 'TV', 24, 'Airing', '2025-01-10', NULL, '5', 'Using her wit and vast knowledge of medicines and poisons alike, Maomao played a pivotal role in solving a series of mysteries and conspiracies that plagued the imperial court. Having recently come to terms with the secrets of her parents, she returns to fulfill her normal duties on behalf of the emperor''s highest-ranking consorts. Maomao also works alongside the eunuch Jinshi to better the consorts'' many ladies-in-waiting, including helping them learn to read.

However, with the arrival of a merchant caravan comes a new wave of intrigue. A pattern of strange coincidences involving the visitors and their wares unsettles Maomao, driving her to investigate the puzzling circumstances behind the convoy. As dangers from both outside and within threaten the balance between the imperial concubines, Maomao continues to utilize her cunning and medical expertise to keep the women safe from harm.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1025/147458.jpg'),
('Vinland Saga Season 2', 'TV', 24, 'Completed', '2023-01-10', '2023-06-20', '5', 'After his father''s death and the destruction of his village at the hands of English raiders, Einar wishes for a peaceful life with his family on their newly rebuilt farms. However, fate has other plans: his village is invaded once again. Einar watches helplessly as the marauding Danes burn his lands and slaughter his family. The invaders capture Einar and take him back to Denmark as a slave. 

Einar clings to his mother''s final words to survive. He is purchased by Ketil, a kind slave owner and landlord who promises that Einar can regain his freedom in return for working in the fields. Soon, Einar encounters his new partner in farm cultivation—Thorfinn, a dejected and melancholic slave. As Einar and Thorfinn work together toward their freedom, they are haunted by both sins of the past and the ploys of the present. Yet they carry on, grasping for a glimmer of hope, redemption, and peace in a world that is nothing but unjust and unforgiving.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1170/124312.jpg'),
('Gintama. Shirogane no Tamashii-hen', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2018-01-08', '2018-03-26', '5', 'After the fierce battle on Rakuyou, the untold past and true goal of the immortal Naraku leader, Utsuro, are finally revealed. By corrupting the Altana reserves of several planets, Utsuro has successfully triggered the intervention of the Tendoshuu’s greatest enemy: the Altana Liberation Army. With Earth as the main battleground in this interplanetary war, Utsuro''s master plan to destroy the planet—and himself—is nearly complete. 

An attack on the O-Edo Central Terminal marks the beginning of the final battle to take back the land of the samurai. With the Yorozuya nowhere in sight, the bakufu all but collapsed, and the Shogun missing, the people are left completely helpless as the Liberation Army begins pillaging Edo in the name of freeing them from the Tendoshuu''s rule. 

Caught in the crossfire between two equally imposing forces, can Gintoki, Kagura, Shinpachi, and the former students of Shouyou Yoshida put aside their differences and unite their allies to protect what they hold dear?

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/12/89603.jpg'),
('Ore dake Level Up na Ken Season 2: Arise from the Shadow', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2025-01-05', '2025-03-30', '5', 'Sung Jin-Woo, dubbed the weakest hunter of all mankind, grows stronger by the day with the supernatural powers he has gained. However, keeping his skills hidden becomes more difficult as dungeon-related incidents pile up around him.

When Jin-Woo and a few other low-ranked hunters are the only survivors of a dungeon that turns out to be a bigger challenge than initially expected, he draws attention once again, and hunter guilds take an increased interest in him. Meanwhile, a strange hunter who has been lost for ten years returns with a dire warning about an upcoming catastrophic event. As the calamity looms closer, Jin-Woo must continue leveling up to make sure nothing stops him from reaching his ultimate goal—saving the life of his mother.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1448/147351.jpg'),
('Mob Psycho 100 II', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2019-01-07', '2019-04-01', '5', 'Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama is now maturing and understanding his role as a supernatural psychic that has the power to drastically affect the livelihood of others. He and his mentor Reigen Arataka continue to deal with supernatural requests from clients, whether it be exorcizing evil spirits or tackling urban legends that haunt the citizens.

While the workflow remains the same, Mob isn''t just blindly following Reigen around anymore. With all his experiences as a ridiculously strong psychic, Mob''s supernatural adventures now have more weight to them. Things take on a serious and darker tone as the dangers Mob and Reigen face are much more tangible and unsettling than ever before.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1918/96303.jpg'),
('Kizumonogatari III: Reiketsu-hen', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2017-01-06', NULL, '5', 'After helping revive the legendary vampire Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade, Koyomi Araragi has become a vampire himself and her servant. Kiss-shot is certain she can turn him back into a human, but only once regaining her full power. 

Araragi has hunted down the three vampire hunters that defeated Kiss-shot and retrieved her limbs to return her to full strength. However, now that Araragi has almost accomplished what he’s been fighting for this whole time, he has to consider if this is what he really wants. Once he revives this powerful immortal vampire, there is no telling what she might do, and there would be no way of stopping her.

But there is more to the story that Araragi doesn’t understand. If a newborn vampire like him could defeat the hunters, how did they overpower Kiss-shot? Can he trust her to turn him back to a human? And how is that even possible in the first place?

Araragi is at his limit but he must come to a decision, and it may not be possible to resolve this situation without doing something he’ll regret…

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1084/112813.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season', 'TV', 16, 'Completed', '2020-12-07', '2021-03-29', '5', 'Gabi Braun and Falco Grice have been training their entire lives to inherit one of the seven Titans under Marley''s control and aid their nation in eradicating the Eldians on Paradis. However, just as all seems well for the two cadets, their peace is suddenly shaken by the arrival of Eren Yeager and the remaining members of the Survey Corps.

Having finally reached the Yeager family basement and learned about the dark history surrounding the Titans, the Survey Corps has at long last found the answer they so desperately fought to uncover. With the truth now in their hands, the group set out for the world beyond the walls.

In Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season, two utterly different worlds collide as each party pursues its own agenda in the long-awaited conclusion to Paradis'' fight for freedom.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1000/110531.jpg'),
('Hajime no Ippo', 'TV', 75, 'Completed', '2000-10-04', '2002-03-27', '5', 'In his father''s absence, teenager Ippo Makunouchi works hard to help his mother run her fishing boat rental business. Ippo''s timid nature, his lack of sleep, and the sea smell make him an easy target for relentless bullies who leave him bruised and beaten on a daily basis. Mamoru Takamura, an up-and-coming boxer, rescues Ippo from a violent after-school incident and takes him back to the Kamogawa Boxing Gym for recovery. Takamura and his fellow boxers, Masaru Aoki and Tatsuya Kimura, are stunned by Ippo''s powerful punches—a result of strong muscles developed through years serving his physically taxing family business. 

Following brief training under Takamura, Ippo impresses the other boxers in a practice match against prodigy Ichirou Miyata. He gains a rival in Miyata and a coach in Genji Kamogawa, the gym owner and a former boxer himself. As Ippo takes the first steps in his official boxing career, he faces off against a series of challenging opponents, each more powerful than the last. Victory, loss, and a cycle of dedicated training await Ippo on his journey to achieve greatness. With his tough body and unstoppable fighting spirit, the kind young man seeks to take on the world.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/4/86334.jpg'),
('Haikyuu!! Karasuno Koukou vs. Shiratorizawa Gakuen Koukou', 'TV', 10, 'Completed', '2016-10-08', '2016-12-10', '5', 'After the victory against Aoba Jousai High, Karasuno High School, once called “a fallen powerhouse, a crow that can’t fly,” has finally reached the climax of the heated Spring tournament. Now, to advance to nationals, the Karasuno team has to defeat the powerhouse Shiratorizawa Academy. Karasuno’s greatest hurdle is their adversary’s ace, Wakatoshi Ushijima, the number one player in the Miyagi Prefecture, and one of the country’s top three aces.

Only the strongest team will make it to the national tournament. Since this match is the third-year players’ last chance to qualify for nationals, Karasuno has to use everything they learned during the training camp and prior matches to attain victory. Filled with restlessness and excitement, both teams are determined to come out on top in the third season of Haikyuu!!.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/7/81992.jpg'),
('Vinland Saga', 'TV', 24, 'Completed', '2019-07-08', '2019-12-30', '5', 'Young Thorfinn grew up listening to the stories of old sailors that had traveled the ocean and reached the place of legend, Vinland. It''s said to be warm and fertile, a place where there would be no need for fighting—not at all like the frozen village in Iceland where he was born, and certainly not like his current life as a mercenary. War is his home now. Though his father once told him, "You have no enemies, nobody does. There is nobody who it''s okay to hurt," as he grew, Thorfinn knew that nothing was further from the truth.

The war between England and the Danes grows worse with each passing year. Death has become commonplace, and the viking mercenaries are loving every moment of it. Allying with either side will cause a massive swing in the balance of power, and the vikings are happy to make names for themselves and take any spoils they earn along the way. Among the chaos, Thorfinn must take his revenge and kill Askeladd, the man who murdered his father. The only paradise for the vikings, it seems, is the era of war and death that rages on.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1500/103005.jpg'),
('Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2001-07-20', NULL, '5', 'Stubborn, spoiled, and naïve, 10-year-old Chihiro Ogino is less than pleased when she and her parents discover an abandoned amusement park on the way to their new house. Cautiously venturing inside, she realizes that there is more to this place than meets the eye, as strange things begin to happen once dusk falls. Ghostly apparitions and food that turns her parents into pigs are just the start—Chihiro has unwittingly crossed over into the spirit world. Now trapped, she must summon the courage to live and work amongst spirits, with the help of the enigmatic Haku and the cast of unique characters she meets along the way.

Vivid and intriguing, Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi tells the story of Chihiro''s journey through an unfamiliar world as she strives to save her parents and return home.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/6/79597.jpg'),
('Monogatari Series: Second Season', 'TV', 26, 'Completed', '2013-07-07', '2013-12-29', '5', 'Apparitions, oddities, and gods continue to manifest around Koyomi Araragi and his close-knit group of friends: Tsubasa Hanekawa, the group''s modest genius; Shinobu Oshino, the resident doughnut-loving vampire; athletic deviant Suruga Kanbaru; bite-happy spirit Mayoi Hachikuji; Koyomi''s cute admirer Nadeko Sengoku; and Hitagi Senjougahara, Koyomi''s eclectic girlfriend.

A new semester has begun and with graduation looming over Koyomi, he must quickly decide the paths he will walk, as well as the relationships he will form and friends that he will save. But as strange events begin to unfold, Koyomi is nowhere to be found, and a vicious tiger apparition has appeared in his absence. Hanekawa has become its target, and she quickly finds she must fend for herself.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1807/121534.jpg'),
('Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season', 'TV', 23, 'Completed', '2023-07-06', '2023-12-28', '5', 'The year is 2006, and the halls of Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School echo with the endless bickering and intense debate between two inseparable best friends. Exuding unshakeable confidence, Satoru Gojou and Suguru Getou believe there is no challenge too great for young and powerful Special Grade sorcerers such as themselves. They are tasked with safely delivering a sensible girl named Riko Amanai to the entity whose existence is the very essence of the jujutsu world. However, the mission plunges them into an exhausting swirl of moral conflict that threatens to destroy the already feeble amity between sorcerers and ordinary humans.

Twelve years later, students and sorcerers are the frontline defense against the rising number of high-level curses born from humans'' negative emotions. As the entities grow in power, their self-awareness and ambition increase too. The curses unite for the common goal of eradicating humans and creating a world of only cursed energy users, led by a dangerous, ancient cursed spirit. To dispose of their greatest obstacle—the strongest sorcerer, Gojou—they orchestrate an attack at Shibuya Station on Halloween. Dividing into teams, the sorcerers enter the fight prepared to risk everything to protect the innocent and their own kind.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1792/138022.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season Part 2', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2022-01-10', '2022-04-04', '5', 'Turning against his former allies and enemies alike, Eren Yeager sets a disastrous plan in motion. Under the guidance of the Beast Titan, Zeke, Eren takes extreme measures to end the ancient conflict between Marley and Eldia—but his true intentions remain a mystery. Delving deep into his family''s past, Eren fights to control his own destiny.

Meanwhile, the long-feuding nations of Marley and Eldia utilize both soldiers and Titans in a brutal race to eliminate the other. Reiner Braun uses his own powers in a desperate bid to hold off Eren''s own militaristic force, and his fellow Eldians—children Falco Grice and Gabi Braun—struggle to survive in the unfolding chaos.

Elsewhere, Eren''s childhood friends Mikasa Ackerman and Armin Arlert remain imprisoned alongside Eren''s former Survey Corps companions, all disturbed by Eren''s monstrous transformation. Under the blind belief that Eren still secretly harbors good intentions, Mikasa and the others enter the fray in an attempt to save their friend''s very soul.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1948/120625.jpg'),
('Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu 2nd Season', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2024-01-07', '2024-03-31', '5', 'After an eventful winter break, Kyoutarou Ichikawa and Anna Yamada reunite with a stronger bond. They continue to grow in their own ways, with Yamada taking on more challenging photoshoots and Ichikawa maturing both physically and emotionally as he tackles his affections for Yamada. However, spending time together outside of school allows for their relationship to deepen, and it becomes increasingly difficult to deny their budding romantic feelings.

Grappling with these unexpected and new emotions, Ichikawa and Yamada realize that, with the passage of time, their relationship is bound to change—and they must ultimately decide whether they wish to remain close friends or finally become a couple.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1643/138581.jpg'),
('Bocchi the Rock!', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2022-10-09', '2022-12-25', '5', 'Yearning to make friends and perform live with a band, lonely and socially anxious Hitori "Bocchi" Gotou devotes her time to playing the guitar. On a fateful day, Bocchi meets the outgoing drummer Nijika Ijichi, who invites her to join Kessoku Band when their guitarist, Ikuyo Kita, flees before their first show. Soon after, Bocchi meets her final bandmate—the cool bassist Ryou Yamada. 

Although their first performance together is subpar, the girls feel empowered by their shared love for music, and they are soon rejoined by Kita. Finding happiness in performing, Bocchi and her bandmates put their hearts into improving as musicians while making the most of their fleeting high school days.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1448/127956.jpg'),
('Cowboy Bebop', 'TV', 26, 'Completed', '1998-04-03', '1999-04-24', '5', 'Crime is timeless. By the year 2071, humanity has expanded across the galaxy, filling the surface of other planets with settlements like those on Earth. These new societies are plagued by murder, drug use, and theft, and intergalactic outlaws are hunted by a growing number of tough bounty hunters.

Spike Spiegel and Jet Black pursue criminals throughout space to make a humble living. Beneath his goofy and aloof demeanor, Spike is haunted by the weight of his violent past. Meanwhile, Jet manages his own troubled memories while taking care of Spike and the Bebop, their ship. The duo is joined by the beautiful con artist Faye Valentine, odd child Edward Wong Hau Pepelu Tivrusky IV, and Ein, a bioengineered Welsh corgi.

While developing bonds and working to catch a colorful cast of criminals, the Bebop crew''s lives are disrupted by a menace from Spike''s past. As a rival''s maniacal plot continues to unravel, Spike must choose between life with his newfound family or revenge for his old wounds.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/4/19644.jpg'),
('Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai: First Kiss wa Owaranai', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2022-12-17', NULL, '5', 'After their first kiss, Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane are left unsure where their relationship stands. The troubling uncertainty of whether they could be considered an official couple unleashes newfound problems as both Kaguya and Shirogane struggle to sort out their feelings.

While the lovestruck student council officers fret, the Christmas season rolls around, and romance is in the air. In the face of widespread tenderness, Kaguya and Shirogane must endure their affectionate battle of wits once more. Should they reconcile their feelings for one another, they may find themselves within reach of what they have both been longing for so long: true love.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1670/130060.jpg'),
('Ashita no Joe 2', 'TV', 47, 'Completed', '1980-10-13', '1981-08-31', '5', 'Yabuki Joe is left downhearted and hopeless after a certain tragic event. In attempt to put the past behind him, Joe leaves the gym behind and begins wandering. On his travels he comes across the likes of Wolf Kanagushi and Goromaki Gondo, men who unintentionally fan the dying embers inside him, leading him to putting his wanderings to an end. His return home puts Joe back on the path to boxing, but unknown to himself and his trainer, he now suffers deep-set issues holding him back from fighting. In attempt to quell those issues, Carlos Rivera, a world renowned boxer is invited from Venezuela to help Joe recover.', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/3/45028.jpg'),
('The First Slam Dunk', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2022-12-03', NULL, '5', 'Shohoku''s "speedster" and point guard, Ryouta Miyagi, always plays with brains and lightning speed, running circles around his opponents while feigning composure. Born and raised in Okinawa, Ryouta had a brother who was three years older. Following in the footsteps of his older brother, who was a famous local player from a young age, Ryouta also became addicted to basketball.

In his second year of high school, Ryouta plays with the Shohoku High School basketball team along with Sakuragi, Rukawa, Akagi, and Mitsui as they take the stage at the Inter-High School National Championship. And now, they are on the brink of challenging the reigning champions, Sannoh Kogyo High School.

(Source: GKIDS, edited)', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1745/129284.jpg'),
('Kingdom 4th Season', 'TV', 26, 'Completed', '2022-04-10', '2022-10-02', '5', 'Following the conclusion of the large-scale coalition campaign, the entirety of China is in a state of economic recovery. The victor of the battle, the state of Qin, is no different. There, the political parties led by Ying Zheng and Buwei Lü continue their inner conflict. Having played the role of king in the coalition battle, Zheng has the trust of the people—but Lü is far from out of the fight. In 18 months, he plans to interrupt Zheng''s coming-of-age ceremony.

Meanwhile, a Zhao army numbering 20,000 troops has set out toward Qin. In the royal court, due to the lack of generals capable of responding to the incoming threat, Lü slyly suggests that Zheng take command. However, Cheng Jiao, Zheng''s half-brother, volunteers instead. As they grew to trust each other during the coalition battle, Zheng now accepts Jiao as his replacement.

However, the Zhao forces retreat a mere half-day after clashing with Jiao''s army. With trouble quickly brewing in the shadows, the internal struggle of Qin is only complicated further. There are only two men Zheng feels he can rely on: Bi, a general who commands 30,000 men; and Xin, the leader of the Fei Xin force.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1566/122794.jpg'),
('Shiguang Dailiren', 'ONA', 11, 'Completed', '2021-04-30', '2021-07-09', '5', 'It is said that a picture is worth a thousand words. In this case, it holds an infinite amount of secrets. These are secrets that only Cheng Xiaoshi and Lu Guang are able to find. In a small shop called "Time Photo Studio," the two friends provide a special service: using their extraordinary powers that let them enter photographs, they jump into pictures brought to them by clients in order to grant their wishes. Through the eyes of the photographer, they live through the events surrounding the picture and try to decipher how to solve their client''s request.

But every time they jump into a picture, they take a great risk. One wrong move and they could alter the future of the person who took the picture... and possibly countless other events too. So when the events they are forced to live through in these pictures start to become personal, it will take the utmost strength to push their feelings aside and focus on accomplishing the task they were paid to do.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1135/114867.jpg'),
('One Piece', 'TV', 12, 'Airing', '1999-10-20', NULL, '5', 'Barely surviving in a barrel after passing through a terrible whirlpool at sea, carefree Monkey D. Luffy ends up aboard a ship under attack by fearsome pirates. Despite being a naive-looking teenager, he is not to be underestimated. Unmatched in battle, Luffy is a pirate himself who resolutely pursues the coveted One Piece treasure and the King of the Pirates title that comes with it.

The late King of the Pirates, Gol D. Roger, stirred up the world before his death by disclosing the whereabouts of his hoard of riches and daring everyone to obtain it. Ever since then, countless powerful pirates have sailed dangerous seas for the prized One Piece only to never return. Although Luffy lacks a crew and a proper ship, he is endowed with a superhuman ability and an unbreakable spirit that make him not only a formidable adversary but also an inspiration to many.

As he faces numerous challenges with a big smile on his face, Luffy gathers one-of-a-kind companions to join him in his ambitious endeavor, together embracing perils and wonders on their once-in-a-lifetime adventure.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1244/138851.jpg'),
('Kingdom 5th Season', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2024-01-14', '2024-03-31', '5', 'Fifth season of Kingdom.', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1050/139641.jpg'),
('Hibike! Euphonium 3', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2024-04-07', '2024-06-30', '5', 'With the ensemble contest behind them, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band now aim to win a gold medal at the national competition. For third-year club president Kumiko Oumae and her friends, it is their last chance before graduation. Filled with anticipation and anxiety, Kumiko worries if she can successfully lead the band.

Amid her struggles, Kumiko encounters transfer student Mayu Kuroe. From her gentle demeanor to her talented euphonium skills, Mayu was a member of the Seira Girls'' School concert band—a regular at nationals. While Mayu is friendly, Kumiko cannot help but have an indescribable feeling from their meeting.

As new members arrive and plans are set in motion, the club, with an insatiable hunger for a gold medal, learns what it truly takes to propel themselves to reach the national level.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1216/142086.jpg'),
('Mushishi Zoku Shou 2nd Season', 'TV', 10, 'Completed', '2014-10-19', '2014-12-21', '5', 'Ghostly, primordial beings known as Mushi continue to cause mysterious changes in the lives of humans. The travelling Mushishi, Ginko, persists in trying to set right the strange and unsettling situations he encounters. Time loops, living shadows, and telepathy are among the overt effects of interference from Mushi, but more subtle symptoms that take years to be noticed also rouse Ginko''s concern as he passes from village to village.

Through circumstance, Ginko has become an arbiter, determining which Mushi are blessings and which are curses. But the lines that he seeks to draw are subjective. Some of his patients would rather exercise their new powers until they are utterly consumed by them; others desperately strive to rid themselves of afflictions which are in fact protecting their lives from devastation. Those who cross paths with Mushi must learn to accept seemingly impossible consequences for their actions, and heal wounds they did not know they had. Otherwise, they risk meeting with fates beyond their comprehension.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/9/68095.jpg'),
('Kimetsu no Yaiba: Yuukaku-hen', 'TV', 11, 'Completed', '2021-12-05', '2022-02-13', '5', 'The devastation of the Mugen Train incident still weighs heavily on the members of the Demon Slayer Corps. Despite being given time to recover, life must go on, as the wicked never sleep: a vicious demon is terrorizing the alluring women of the Yoshiwara Entertainment District. The Sound Hashira, Tengen Uzui, and his three wives are on the case. However, when he soon loses contact with his spouses, Tengen fears the worst and enlists the help of Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, and Inosuke Hashibira to infiltrate the district''s most prominent houses and locate the depraved Upper Rank Demon.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1908/120036.jpg'),
('Mob Psycho 100 III', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2022-10-06', '2022-12-22', '5', 'After foiling a world-threatening plot, Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama returns to tackle the more exhausting aspects of his mundane life—starting with filling out his school''s nerve-racking career form. Meanwhile, he continues to assist his mentor Arataka Reigen and the office''s new recruit, Katsuya Serizawa, in solving paranormal cases of their clients. While continuing his duties, Mob also works on gaining more independence in his esper and human lives, as well as trying to integrate better with the people around him.

However, new supernatural and ordinary challenges test Mob’s emotional stability and force him to confront the realities around him. As he strives to continue forward on the path to maturity, Mob must resolve his emotional crises and reassess the naivety he has held on for so long.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1228/125011.jpg'),
('86 Part 2', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2021-10-03', '2022-03-19', '5', 'The disappearance of the Spearhead Squadron beyond the horizon does little to hide the intensity of the Republic of San Magnolia''s endless propaganda. Vladilena Milizé continues to operate as "Handler One," the commander of yet another dehumanized 86th faction''s squadron in the continuous war against the Legion.

On the Western Front, Shinei Nouzen and his squad are quarantined in a military base controlled by the Federal Republic of Giad, formerly known as the Giadian Empire. The newly-established government grants the saved Eighty-Six full citizenship and freedom. Housed by the president Ernst Zimmerman himself, the group meets his adoptive daughter and the last Empress, Augusta Frederica Adel-Adler.

However, within the calm of this tender society, Shinei and his team feel that their purpose is on the battlefield. Before long, they are once again in the midst of the Legion''s onslaught as a part of the Federacy''s Nordlicht Squadron, accompanied by Augusta Frederica. But, as history repeats itself, they realize that no matter the side, death and pain on the front lines are the only comfort they know.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1321/117508.jpg'),
('Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen - Ketsubetsu-tan', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2023-07-08', '2023-09-30', '5', 'After a brutal surprise attack by the forces of Quincy King Yhwach, the resident Reapers of the Soul Society lick their wounds and mourn their losses. Many of the surviving Soul Reaper captains train to battle without their Bankai, the ultimate technique wielded by the fiercest warriors.

In the previous assault, Ichigo Kurosaki narrowly managed to help fend off Yhwach''s fearsome wrath. However, to ultimately defeat his godly adversary and save his allies, Ichigo must now undergo severe training that will push him beyond his physical, emotional, and mental limits.

Though Yhwach already holds the upper hand in this ongoing blood feud, he also successfully recruits Uryuu Ishida, Ichigo''s close friend and rival, to be his successor. Yhwach strikes out once again at the weakened Soul Society, intent on finally obliterating his long-standing enemies. As Ichigo struggles to attain new power, the Soul Reaper captains fight for survival and borrowed time.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1164/138058.jpg'),
('Chi. Chikyuu no Undou ni Tsuite', 'TV', 25, 'Completed', '2024-10-05', '2025-03-15', '5', 'Twelve-year-old prodigy Rafal believes in living rationally, so as to earn praise and respect from society while not being led astray by his emotions. To this end, he publicly states his intention to study theology—the academic field held in highest regard in early 15th century Poland. However, an encounter with a mysterious man upends Rafal''s life, sparking an illogical desire to instead pursue his passion for astronomy.

Rafal is determined to prove the beauty and rationality of heliocentrism—the theory that the Earth revolves around the Sun. This belief is considered heretical by the powerful Church, which promotes geocentrism—the Sun revolving around the Earth—as the sole truth of the universe. Those whose beliefs do not align with the will of the Church suffer unfathomably gruesome consequences.

In pursuit of evidence for a heliocentric model of the universe, Rafal grapples with obtaining precise calculations and building empirical theories. His greatest challenge, however, lies in conducting this research discreetly—lest he wish to meet the same fate as other heretics.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1749/145922.jpg'),
('Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu: Sukeroku Futatabi-hen', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2017-01-07', '2017-03-25', '5', 'Even after having risen to the utmost rank of shin''uchi, Yotarou struggles to find his own identity in the world of rakugo. Caught between his master''s teachings and the late Sukeroku''s unique style, his performance lacks an important ingredient—ego. And while his popularity packs the theaters, he is but one of the few; rakugo is under threat of being eclipsed.

Meanwhile Yakumo, regarded by many as the last bastion of preserving the popularity of rakugo, struggles to cope with his elderly state. Even though his performances are still stellar, he fears that he is nearing his limits. His doubts grow stronger as an old friend creeps ever closer. Konatsu, for her part, attempts to raise her son as a single mother, which Yotarou is heavily opposed to. Instead, he seeks to persuade her to marry him and in turn raise her son as his own.

In Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu: Sukeroku Futatabi-hen, the curtains fall on Yotarou and Yakumo''s story, tasked with restoring the near-obsolete art form as well as overcoming their internal conflicts.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1493/124765.jpg'),
('Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch', 'TV', 25, 'Completed', '2006-10-06', '2007-07-29', '5', 'In the year 2010, the Holy Empire of Britannia is establishing itself as a dominant military nation, starting with the conquest of Japan. Renamed to Area 11 after its swift defeat, Japan has seen significant resistance against these tyrants in an attempt to regain independence.

Lelouch Lamperouge, a Britannian student, unfortunately finds himself caught in a crossfire between the Britannian and the Area 11 rebel armed forces. He is able to escape, however, thanks to the timely appearance of a mysterious girl named C.C., who bestows upon him Geass, the "Power of Kings." Realizing the vast potential of his newfound "power of absolute obedience," Lelouch embarks upon a perilous journey as the masked vigilante known as Zero, leading a merciless onslaught against Britannia in order to get revenge once and for all.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1032/135088.jpg'),
('Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Tsuioku-hen', 'OVA', 4, 'Completed', '1999-02-20', '1999-09-22', '5', 'When mankind''s savagery surpasses his fear of death, there is little hope for those who wish to live honest lives. Beneath a full moon, a young boy witnesses the murder of the bandits who had enslaved him, and is then christened with a new name by the man who rescued him. This boy is Shinta, now known as Kenshin Himura, and he is destined to become a swordsman. The softness of his heart does not befit the occupation, but his desire to protect the innocent is absolute.

Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Tsuioku-hen details the origins of the man who would bear the name of Hitokiri Battousai long before he swore his oath not to kill and before he earned his reputation as an assassin. The young man''s heart is divided between justice and corruption, while the fate of a nation rests on his actions.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1656/137618.jpg'),
('Mushishi Zoku Shou', 'TV', 10, 'Completed', '2014-04-05', '2014-06-21', '5', 'Perceived as strange and feared by man, over time the misshapen ones came to be known as Mushi. Although they harbor no ill intentions towards humans, many suffer from the side effects of their existence and strange nature; exploiting the Mushi without understanding them, even unintentionally, can lead to disaster and strife for any involved. Mushishi Zoku Shou continues the story of Mushishi Ginko on his journey to help the visible world to coexist with the Mushi.

During his travels, Ginko discovers various gifted individuals—those cursed by circumstance and those maintaining a fragile symbiosis with the Mushi—inevitably confronting the question of whether humanity, talented and tortured alike, can manage the responsibility of the unseen. Moreover, as a Mushishi, Ginko must learn more about these strange beings and decide if he has the right to interfere with the complex relationships between Mushi and mankind.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/13/58533.jpg'),
('Monogatari Series: Off & Monster Season', 'ONA', 14, 'Completed', '2024-07-06', '2024-10-19', '5', 'Koyomi Araragi spent his last year of high school helping girls in his town resolve various supernatural afflictions. But now Araragi has departed for university, leaving his friends to fend for themselves against new problems and curses that plague them. Yotsugi Ononoki, once a human corpse and now a living doll, takes residence in Araragi''s home, keeping watch over his sister Tsukihi, a girl harboring a mystical secret of her own. As part of her duties, Yotsugi fills Araragi''s vacated role as occult expert, assisting others in town with their issues.

One of these girls, middle school student Nadeko Sengoku, slowly recovers from her own recent brushes with the paranormal. She avoids returning to school, instead spending time alone in her room and pursuing her dream of becoming a professional manga artist. In order to speed up Nadeko''s quest for mastery of her craft, Yotsugi convinces her to create four copies of herself, each representing a distinct aspect of Nadeko''s personality. However, the clones refuse to help Nadeko, instead escaping into the town and creating a chaotic mess. Now forced to grapple with her own fractured sense of identity, Nadeko sets out to capture them and resolve her inner conflict.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1142/146776.jpg'),
('Violet Evergarden', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2018-01-11', '2018-04-05', '5', 'The Great War finally came to an end after four long years of conflict; fractured in two, the continent of Telesis slowly began to flourish once again. Caught up in the bloodshed was Violet Evergarden, a young girl raised for the sole purpose of decimating enemy lines. Hospitalized and maimed in a bloody skirmish during the War''s final leg, she was left with only words from the person she held dearest, but with no understanding of their meaning.

Recovering from her wounds, Violet starts a new life working at CH Postal Services after a falling out with her new intended guardian family. There, she witnesses by pure chance the work of an "Auto Memory Doll," amanuenses that transcribe people''s thoughts and feelings into words on paper. Moved by the notion, Violet begins work as an Auto Memory Doll, a trade that will take her on an adventure, one that will reshape the lives of her clients and hopefully lead to self-discovery.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1795/95088.jpg'),
('Great Teacher Onizuka', 'TV', 43, 'Completed', '1999-06-30', '2000-09-17', '5', 'Twenty-two-year-old Eikichi Onizuka—ex-biker gang leader, conqueror of Shonan, and virgin—has a dream: to become the greatest high school teacher in all of Japan. This isn''t because of a passion for teaching, but because he wants a loving teenage wife when he''s old and gray. Still, for a perverted, greedy, and lazy delinquent, there is more to Onizuka than meets the eye. So when he lands a job as the homeroom teacher of the Class 3-4 at the prestigious Holy Forest Academy—despite suplexing the Vice Principal—all of his talents are put to the test, as this class is particularly infamous.

Due to their utter contempt for all teachers, the class'' students use psychological warfare to mentally break any new homeroom teacher they get, forcing them to quit and leave school. However, Onizuka isn''t your average teacher, and he''s ready for any challenge in his way.

Bullying, suicide, and sexual harassment are just a few of the issues his students face daily. By tackling the roots of their problems, Onizuka supports them with his unpredictable and unconventional methods—even if it means jumping off a building to save a suicidal child. Thanks to his eccentric charm and fun-loving nature, Class 3-4 slowly learns just how enjoyable school can be when you''re the pupils of the Great Teacher Onizuka.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/13/11460.jpg'),
('Mo Dao Zu Shi: Wanjie Pian', 'ONA', 12, 'Completed', '2021-08-07', '2021-10-16', '5', 'Along an empty road in the rural countryside, Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji stumble across a stone plaque that reads "Yi City." Still on their quest to unravel the mystery behind the cursed severed arm, they venture into the deserted city to obtain further leads.

However, with the appearance of a mysterious new cultivator, the demonic arm investigation leads Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji to a plot that threatens the cultivation world as they know it. The gravity of the new situation escalates when the two find it involves the chief cultivator of the renowned Lanling Jin Sect—Jin Guangyao.

As the pair continue to piece together the crucial conspiracies of the cultivation history, their friends and colleagues grow suspicious of their motives. With the world against him, Wei Wuxian must prove he is not the demonic sorcerer people believe him to be to regain their trust and save the cultivation world from the sinister evil lurking within it.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1634/116782.jpg'),
('Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen - Soukoku-tan', 'TV', 14, 'Completed', '2024-10-05', '2024-12-28', '5', 'After an awe-inspiring battle with Ichibei Hyousube—leader of the Soul Society''s Royal Guard—the powerful Yhwach moves into the final stage of his master plan. He aims to slay the Soul King, the being whose very existence maintains the status quo of three worlds: Hueco Mundo, the Soul Society, and the realm of humans that Ichigo Kurosaki and his closest friends hail from. Conquering his own bout with the remainder of the Royal Guard, Uryuu Ishida joins Yhwach in his efforts to create a new world in his image.

With a flood of resolution and newfound power, Ichigo rushes to stop Yhwach from accomplishing his ultimate goal and save the countless lives within the three existing realms. But Ichigo has a complicated lineage, one that leaves him susceptible to Yhwach''s sinister influence.

Meanwhile, in a final desperate gambit, Jirou Sakuranosuke Shunsui Kyouraku, the newly promoted head captain of the Soul Society''s combat corps, enlists the help of an old enemy whose immense power may turn the tide of battle.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1595/144074.jpg'),
('Hajime no Ippo: New Challenger', 'TV', 26, 'Completed', '2009-01-07', '2009-07-01', '5', 'Japanese Featherweight Champion Ippo Makunouchi has successfully defended and retained his title. Meanwhile, his rival, Ichirou Miyata, has resurfaced in Japan, aiming for his own Featherweight belt in the Oriental Pacific Boxing Federation. When the rest of the world comes knocking, however, will Japan''s best fighters rise to the challenge and achieve glory at the top? Or will the small island nation be crushed under the weight of greater entities? This time, champions will become challengers issuing a call to the rest of the world and ready to show off their fighting spirit!

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/8/56617.jpg'),
('Howl no Ugoku Shiro', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2004-11-20', NULL, '5', 'That jumbled piece of architecture, that cacophony of hissing steam and creaking joints, with smoke billowing from it as it moves on its own... That castle is home to the magnificent wizard Howl, infamous for both his magical prowess and for being a womanizer—or so the rumor goes in Sophie Hatter''s small town. Sophie, as the plain daughter of a hatmaker, does not expect much from her future and is content with working hard in the shop. 

However, Sophie''s simple life takes a turn for the exciting when she is ensnared in a disturbing situation, and the mysterious wizard appears to rescue her. Unfortunately, this encounter, brief as it may be, spurs the vain and vengeful Witch of the Waste—in a fit of jealousy caused by a past discord with Howl—to put a curse on the maiden, turning her into an old woman.

In an endeavor to return to normal, Sophie must accompany Howl and a myriad of eccentric companions—ranging from a powerful fire demon to a hopping scarecrow—in his living castle, on a dangerous adventure as a raging war tears their kingdom apart.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1470/138723.jpg'),
('Tian Guan Cifu Er', 'ONA', 12, 'Completed', '2023-10-18', '2024-01-17', '5', 'Although most gods in the heavenly realm avoid dealing with the forgotten god Xie Lian, Heavenly Emperor Jun Wu holds him in good graces. Xie Lian''s luck is otherwise terrible, and adding to his troubles, the gods seem to suspect that Xie Lian''s recent companion was the dreaded Ghost King Hua Cheng. Despite what others may think of him, Xie Lian fondly recalls Hua Cheng''s promise: the next time they meet, Hua Cheng will appear in his true form.

Jun Wu informs Xie Lian of the unsettling news that a god''s distress signal was seen coming from the Ghost City—the most prosperous place in the ghost realm, where the only law is Hua Cheng himself. As Xie Lian has no qualms about stepping into Hua Cheng''s territory, he infiltrates the city to locate the lost god. There, the genuine Hua Cheng is already waiting. He is the most feared being across the three realms, yet before Xie Lian, his arrogance erodes. Without revealing the reason for his generosity, he spares no power or means to ease the burdens of Xie Lian''s endlessly unfortunate past.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1203/139210.jpg'),
('Mononoke Hime', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '1997-07-12', NULL, '5', 'When an Emishi village is attacked by a fierce demon boar, the young prince Ashitaka puts his life at stake to defend his tribe. With its dying breath, the beast curses the prince''s arm, granting him demonic powers while gradually siphoning his life away. Instructed by the village elders to travel westward for a cure, Ashitaka arrives at Tatara, the Iron Town, where he finds himself embroiled in a fierce conflict: Lady Eboshi of Tatara, promoting constant deforestation, stands against Princess San and the sacred spirits of the forest, who are furious at the destruction brought by the humans. As the opposing forces of nature and mankind begin to clash in a desperate struggle for survival, Ashitaka attempts to seek harmony between the two, all the while battling the latent demon inside of him. Princess Mononoke is a tale depicting the connection of technology and nature, while showing the path to harmony that could be achieved by mutual acceptance.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1355/147277.jpg'),
('Look Back', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2024-06-28', NULL, '5', 'Ayumu Fujino may only be in the fourth grade, but she already basks in high praise for her hand-drawn four-panel comics featured in the school''s newspaper. However, when she is asked to share the page with Kyoumoto—a reclusive student she has never met—Fujino feels inadequate for the first time: her free-spirited drawings look embarrassingly amateurish next to Kyoumoto''s breathtakingly detailed art.

For a year, Fujino shuts out the world, obsessively studying manga creation and drawing tirelessly to catch up to her faceless competition. But Kyoumoto''s talent far exceeds hers, and Fujino quits it all. Another year passes, and on the day of their graduation, Fujino finally meets Kyoumoto. This unkempt, shy, and stuttering girl has actually been Fujino''s biggest fan all along. Their encounter reignites Fujino''s passion for art and sparks the beginning of a years-long friendship built on rivalry, admiration, and their shared love of manga.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1716/142633.jpg'),
('Fate/stay night Movie: Heaven''s Feel - III. Spring Song', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2020-08-15', NULL, '5', 'The Fifth Holy Grail War in Fuyuki City has reached a turning point in which the lives of all participants are threatened as the hidden enemy finally reveals itself. As Shirou Emiya, Rin Toosaka, and Illyasviel von Einzbern discover the true, corruptive nature of the shadow that has been rampaging throughout the city, they realize just how dire the situation is. In order to protect their beloved ones, the group must hold their own against the seemingly insurmountable enemy force—even if some of those foes were once their allies, or perhaps, something more intimate.

As the final act of this chaotic war commences, the ideals Shirou believes will soon be challenged by an excruciating dilemma: is it really possible to save a world where everything seems to have gone wrong?

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1142/112957.jpg'),
('Odd Taxi', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2021-04-06', '2021-06-29', '5', 'Eccentric and blunt, the walrus Hiroshi Odokawa lives a relatively normal life. He drives a taxi for a living, and there he meets several unique individuals: the jobless Taichi Kabasawa who is dead-set on going viral, the mysterious nurse Miho Shirakawa, the struggling comedic duo "Homo Sapiens," and Dobu, a well-known delinquent.

But Odokawa''s simple way of life is about to be turned upside down. The case of a missing girl the police have been tracking leads back to him, and now both the yakuza and a duo of corrupt cops are on his tail.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1981/113348.jpg'),
('Shiguang Dailiren II', 'ONA', 12, 'Completed', '2023-07-14', '2023-09-22', '5', 'The attempt to capture the mysterious perpetrator who possesses people ends tragically: Lu Guang is rushed to the hospital in a critical state, while Cheng Xiaoshi is arrested for the alleged crime. In light of recent events, the father of Liu Min unleashes his skilled, ruthless lawyer—Qian Jin—after Police Chief Li Xiao, who is spearheading the investigation related to the photo studio owned by Qiao Ling.

It appears that no one is safe from the unpredictable and fatal attacks of the adversary who painstakingly hides their identity. As he tries to learn from his past mistakes, Cheng Xiaoshi must act swiftly and decisively to put an end to this devastating trail of death.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1897/137108.jpg'),
('Mushishi', 'TV', 26, 'Completed', '2005-10-23', '2006-06-19', '5', '"Mushi": the most basic forms of life in the world. They exist without any goals or purposes aside from simply "being." They are beyond the shackles of the words "good" and "evil." Mushi can exist in countless forms and are capable of mimicking things from the natural world such as plants, diseases, and even phenomena like rainbows.

This is, however, just a vague definition of these entities that inhabit the vibrant world of Mushishi, as to even call them a form of life would be an oversimplification. Detailed information on Mushi is scarce because the majority of humans are unaware of their existence.

So what are Mushi and why do they exist? This is the question that a "Mushishi," Ginko, ponders constantly. Mushishi are those who research Mushi in hopes of understanding their place in the world''s hierarchy of life.

Ginko chases rumors of occurrences that could be tied to Mushi, all for the sake of finding an answer.

It could, after all, lead to the meaning of life itself.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/2/73862.jpg'),
('Made in Abyss', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2017-07-07', '2017-09-29', '5', 'The Abyss—a gaping chasm stretching down into the depths of the earth, filled with mysterious creatures and relics from a time long past. How did it come to be? What lies at the bottom? Countless brave individuals, known as Divers, have sought to solve these mysteries of the Abyss, fearlessly descending into its darkest realms. The best and bravest of the Divers, the White Whistles, are hailed as legends by those who remain on the surface.

Riko, daughter of the missing White Whistle Lyza the Annihilator, aspires to become like her mother and explore the furthest reaches of the Abyss. However, just a novice Red Whistle herself, she is only permitted to roam its most upper layer. Even so, Riko has a chance encounter with a mysterious robot with the appearance of an ordinary young boy. She comes to name him Reg, and he has no recollection of the events preceding his discovery. Certain that the technology to create Reg must come from deep within the Abyss, the two decide to venture forth into the chasm to recover his memories and see the bottom of the great pit with their own eyes. However, they know not of the harsh reality that is the true existence of the Abyss.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/6/86733.jpg'),
('Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann', 'TV', 27, 'Completed', '2007-04-01', '2007-09-30', '5', 'Simon and Kamina were born and raised in a deep, underground village, hidden from the fabled surface. Kamina is a free-spirited loose cannon bent on making a name for himself, while Simon is a timid young boy with no real aspirations. One day while excavating the earth, Simon stumbles upon a mysterious object that turns out to be the ignition key to an ancient artifact of war, which the duo dubs Lagann. Using their new weapon, Simon and Kamina fend off a surprise attack from the surface with the help of Yoko Littner, a hot-blooded redhead wielding a massive gun who wanders the world above.

In the aftermath of the battle, the sky is now in plain view, prompting Simon and Kamina to set off on a journey alongside Yoko to explore the wastelands of the surface. Soon, they join the fight against the "Beastmen," humanoid creatures that terrorize the remnants of humanity in powerful robots called "Gunmen." Although they face some challenges and setbacks, the trio bravely fights these new enemies alongside other survivors to reclaim the surface, while slowly unraveling a galaxy-sized mystery.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/4/5123.jpg'),
('Mushoku Tensei: Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu Part 2', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2021-10-04', '2021-12-20', '5', 'After the mysterious mana calamity, Rudeus Greyrat and his fierce student Eris Boreas Greyrat are teleported to the Demon Continent. There, they team up with their newfound companion Ruijerd Supardia—the former leader of the Superd''s Warrior group—to form "Dead End," a successful adventurer party. Making a name for themselves, the trio journeys across the continent to make their way back home to Fittoa.

Following the advice he received from the faceless god Hitogami, Rudeus saves Kishirika Kishirisu, the Great Emperor of the Demon World, who rewards him by granting him a strange power. Now, as Rudeus masters the powerful ability that offers a number of new opportunities, it might prove to be more than what he bargained for when unexpected dangers threaten to hinder their travels.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1028/117777.jpg'),
('Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso', 'TV', 22, 'Completed', '2014-10-10', '2015-03-20', '5', 'Kousei Arima is a child prodigy known as the "Human Metronome" for playing the piano with precision and perfection. Guided by a strict mother and rigorous training, Kousei dominates every competition he enters, earning the admiration of his musical peers and praise from audiences. When his mother suddenly passes away, the subsequent trauma makes him unable to hear the sound of a piano, and he never takes the stage thereafter.

Nowadays, Kousei lives a quiet and unassuming life as a junior high school student alongside his friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari. While struggling to get over his mother''s death, he continues to cling to music. His monochrome life turns upside down the day he encounters the eccentric violinist Kaori Miyazono, who thrusts him back into the spotlight as her accompanist. Through a little lie, these two young musicians grow closer together as Kaori tries to fill Kousei''s world with color.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1405/143284.jpg'),
('Natsume Yuujinchou Shi', 'TV', 13, 'Completed', '2012-01-03', '2012-03-27', '5', 'Takashi Natsume, the timid youkai expert and master of the Book of Friends, continues his journey towards self-understanding and acceptance with the help of friends both new and old. His most important ally is still his gluttonous and sake-loving bodyguard, the arrogant but fiercely protective wolf spirit Madara—or Nyanko-sensei, as Madara is called when in his usual disguise of an unassuming, pudgy cat.

Natsume, while briefly separated from Nyanko-sensei, is ambushed and kidnapped by a strange group of masked, monkey-like youkai, who have spirited him away to their forest as they desperately search for the Book of Friends. Realizing that his "servant" has been taken out from right under his nose, Nyanko-sensei enlists the help of Natsume''s youkai friends and mounts a rescue operation. However, the forest of the monkey spirits holds many dangerous enemies, including the Matoba Clan, Natsume''s old nemesis.

Stretching from the formidable hideout of the Matoba to Natsume''s own childhood home, Natsume Yuujinchou Shi is a sweeping but familiar return to a world of danger and friendship, where Natsume will finally confront the demons of his own past.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/3/37449.jpg'),
('Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2018-07-23', '2018-10-15', '5', 'Still threatened by the "Titans" that rob them of their freedom, mankind remains caged inside the two remaining walls. Efforts to eradicate these monsters continue; however, threats arise not only from the Titans beyond the walls, but from the humans within them as well.

After being rescued from the Colossal and Armored Titans, Eren Yaeger devotes himself to improving his Titan form. Krista Lenz struggles to accept the loss of her friend, Captain Levi chooses Eren and his friends to form his new personal squad, and Commander Erwin Smith recovers from his injuries. All seems well for the soldiers, until the government suddenly demands custody of Eren and Krista. The Survey Corps'' recent successes have drawn attention, and a familiar face from Levi''s past is sent to collect the wanted soldiers. Sought after by the government, Levi and his new squad must evade their adversaries in hopes of keeping Eren and Krista safe.

Eren and his fellow soldiers are not only fighting for their survival against the terrifying Titans, but also against the terror of a far more conniving foe: their fellow humans.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1173/92110.jpg'),
('Bungou Stray Dogs 5th Season', 'TV', 11, 'Completed', '2023-07-12', '2023-09-20', '5', 'The Armed Detective Agency is still on the run from the Hunting Dogs, but not all hope is lost. Detective Ranpo Edogawa has a plan to prove the Agency''s innocence and save the world from chaos: to find and capture Kamui—the leader of the terrorist organization Decay of the Angel. 

In order to determine Kamui''s whereabouts, Ranpo and his colleague Atsushi Nakajima must convince Ouchi Fukuchi, the renowned captain of the Hunting Dogs, for amnesty. Although Fukuchi was tasked with arresting the members of the Agency, his past with the Agency''s president, Yukichi Fukuzawa, may be the key to earning his trust. But unbeknownst to them, Fukuchi might not be as honorable as he proclaims.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1161/136691.jpg'),
('Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai? Tensai-tachi no Renai Zunousen', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2020-04-11', '2020-06-27', '5', 'After a slow but eventful summer vacation, Shuchiin Academy''s second term is now starting in full force. As August transitions into September, Miyuki Shirogane''s birthday looms ever closer, leaving Kaguya Shinomiya in a serious predicament as to how to celebrate it. Furthermore, the tenure of the school''s 67th student council is coming to an end. Due to the council members being in different classes, the only time Kaguya and Miyuki have to be together will soon disappear, putting all of their cunning plans at risk.

A long and difficult election that will decide the fate of the new student council awaits, as multiple challengers fight for the coveted title of president.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1764/106659.jpg'),
('Ping Pong the Animation', 'TV', 11, 'Completed', '2014-04-11', '2014-06-20', '5', 'Despite being polar opposites, Makoto "Smile" Tsukimoto and Yutaka "Peco" Hoshino have been best friends since childhood. Although the overly confident Peco strives to be the best ping-pong player in the world, he often skips practice, earning the ire of his fellow teammates on the Katase High School ping-pong team. Meanwhile, Smile—in spite of his innate talent for the sport—cannot help but hold back his full strength when playing against others. Through their mutual love for ping-pong, the two have developed a bond that is seemingly unbreakable.

When Peco hears that an ex-national team player from China is coming to Japan, he drags Smile over to rival Tsujido High School to observe them. The subsequent trip leads to a clash between Peco and Kong Wenge, who overwhelmingly defeats the former in one game. Stunned by such a comprehensive loss, Peco finds himself questioning why he plays to begin with. Seeing his potential as a player, Katase''s coach begins to train Smile to overcome his hesitation, but he is reluctant to play if it is not for enjoyment.

As the two struggle to find meaning in the sport, a plethora of stronger players—each with their own internal strifes—await them at the inter-high tournament, where only the very best can persevere. But when these young athletes let their unbridled ambition go unchecked, the hardships they face paint a somber reality as they pursue glory.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1586/146565.jpg'),
('Death Note', 'TV', 37, 'Completed', '2006-10-04', '2007-06-27', '5', 'Brutal murders, petty thefts, and senseless violence pollute the human world. In contrast, the realm of death gods is a humdrum, unchanging gambling den. The ingenious 17-year-old Japanese student Light Yagami and sadistic god of death Ryuk share one belief: their worlds are rotten.

For his own amusement, Ryuk drops his Death Note into the human world. Light stumbles upon it, deeming the first of its rules ridiculous: the human whose name is written in this note shall die. However, the temptation is too great, and Light experiments by writing a felon''s name, which disturbingly enacts his first murder.

Aware of the terrifying godlike power that has fallen into his hands, Light—under the alias Kira—follows his wicked sense of justice with the ultimate goal of cleansing the world of all evil-doers. The meticulous mastermind detective L is already on his trail, but as Light''s brilliance rivals L''s, the grand chase for Kira turns into an intense battle of wits that can only end when one of them is dead.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1079/138100.jpg'),
('Haikyuu!! Second Season', 'TV', 25, 'Completed', '2015-10-04', '2016-03-27', '5', 'Following their participation at the Inter-High, the Karasuno High School volleyball team attempts to refocus their efforts, aiming to conquer the Spring tournament instead. 

When they receive an invitation from long-standing rival Nekoma High, Karasuno agrees to take part in a large training camp alongside many notable volleyball teams in Tokyo and even some national level players. By playing with some of the toughest teams in Japan, they hope not only to sharpen their skills, but also come up with new attacks that would strengthen them. Moreover, Hinata and Kageyama attempt to devise a more powerful weapon, one that could possibly break the sturdiest of blocks. 

Facing what may be their last chance at victory before the senior players graduate, the members of Karasuno''s volleyball team must learn to settle their differences and train harder than ever if they hope to overcome formidable opponents old and new—including their archrival Aoba Jousai and its world-class setter Tooru Oikawa.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/9/76662.jpg'),
('Haikyuu!! Movie: Gomisuteba no Kessen', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2024-02-16', NULL, '5', 'Kenma Kozume has never considered volleyball fun or thrilling: it is merely something he is good at. But now Nekoma High School''s volleyball team has qualified for the Spring Nationals and prepares to battle their long-standing rivals—Karasuno. Now, Kenma has to analyze the most confounding and resilient team and lead Nekoma to victory against them. Moreover, he will play against his friend Shouyou Hinata, Karasuno''s short but incredibly proficient middle blocker.

Karasuno has never been able to beat Nekoma in practice matches. Even so, despite his usual indifference, Kenma feels a tinge of excitement at the prospect of facing Karasuno in a high-stakes official game with no do-overs. To advance to the semifinals and ultimately restore their team''s former glory, Karasuno must find a way to overcome Kenma''s brilliant strategy and defeat Nekoma in their own territory.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1665/140360.jpg'),
('Natsume Yuujinchou Roku', 'TV', 11, 'Completed', '2017-04-12', '2017-06-21', '5', 'Takashi Natsume has grown accustomed to his encounters with youkai through the Book of Friends, which contains the names of youkai whom his grandmother, Reiko Natsume, has sealed in contracts. These encounters allow Natsume to better understand the youkai, Reiko, and himself. 

The Book of Friends is a powerful tool that can be used to control youkai; it is sought after by both youkai and exorcists alike. Natsume just wants to live out his daily life in peace but is constantly disrupted by these experiences. If he is to end this torment, Natsume must explore more about the book and the world of exorcism, as well as begin to open his heart to those who can help him.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/6/84416.jpg'),
('Cyberpunk: Edgerunners', 'ONA', 10, 'Completed', '2022-09-13', NULL, '5', 'Dreams are doomed to die in Night City, a futuristic Californian metropolis. As a teenager living in the city''s slums, David Martinez is trying to fulfill his mother''s lifelong wish for him to reach the top of Arasaka, the world''s leading security corporation. To this end, he attends the prestigious Arasaka Academy while his mother works tirelessly to keep their family afloat.

When an incident with a street gang leaves David''s life in tatters, he stumbles upon Sandevistan cyberware—a prosthetic that grants its wearer superhuman speed. Fueled by rage, David implants the device in his back, using it to exact revenge on one of his tormentors. This gets him expelled from the academy, shattering his hopes of ever making his mother proud.

After witnessing David''s newfound abilities, the beautiful data thief Lucyna "Lucy" Kushinada offers to team up with him, handing him a ticket to salvation. However, associating with Lucy introduces David to the world of Edgerunners—cyborg criminals who will break any law for money. Edgerunners often lose their lives, if the cyberware does not break their minds first; but in his fight for survival inside a corrupt system, David is ready to risk it all.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1818/126435.jpg'),
('Hajime no Ippo: Rising', 'TV', 25, 'Completed', '2013-10-06', '2014-03-30', '5', 'Japanese Featherweight Champion Makunouchi Ippo has defended his title belt once more with the help of his devastating signature move: the Dempsey Roll. However, new challengers are rising up left and right, claiming to have an answer for the move responsible for crushing his opponents. Will Ippo be able to step up to the challenge, or will the weight of his pride destroy him before he finds out just what it means to be strong? Meanwhile, fellow Kamogawa Gym mate Aoki Masaru is just a hop, skip, and a Frog Punch away from claiming his own belt, ready to take on the Japanese Lightweight Champion!

Hajime no Ippo: Rising continues Ippo''s quest to become stronger, featuring the same cast of loveable dimwits from Kamogawa Gym, as they put their bodies and hearts on the line to make their way in the harsh world of professional boxing. With a will of iron, Ippo steps into the ring once again.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/6/56147.jpg'),
('Made in Abyss Movie 3: Fukaki Tamashii no Reimei', 'Movie', 1, 'Completed', '2020-01-17', NULL, '5', 'After bonding over a tragic loss, the long-suffering Nanachi joins Riko and Reg on their journey into the depths of the Abyss. Awaiting the children is the Sea of Corpses—the Abyss''s fifth layer, and the deepest level from which a traveler can return without losing their human form.

The masked sadist Bondrewd stands between the children and the rest of their adventure. Bondrewd''s horrific laboratory serves as a final checkpoint for those wishing to traverse deeper into the Abyss, and the sociopathic scientist has no desire to allow Riko''s party to pass through at no cost. Deeply scarred by Bondrewd''s impact on their childhood, Nanachi is engulfed in turmoil over his resurgence in their life.

Bondrewd''s only apparent weakness is Prushka, a brash child who claims to be his daughter. Riko, Reg, and Nanachi befriend Prushka and work with the girl to overcome her father''s machinations and breach the Abyss''s sixth layer.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1502/110723.jpg'),
('Made in Abyss: Retsujitsu no Ougonkyou', 'TV', 12, 'Completed', '2022-07-06', '2022-09-28', '5', 'After surviving the brutal challenges of Idofront, Riko now possesses a White Whistle, allowing her to descend into the Abyss''s sixth layer—The Capital of the Unreturned. Alongside Reg and Nanachi, Riko begins to explore the uncharted domain, where the ruins of the promised Golden City are located.

As the trio starts to adapt to the harsh environment, they soon encounter dangerous creatures and treacherous landscapes. Their expedition leads them to a village inhabited by strange beings known as "hollows." Despite the creeping sense of unease that welcomes them, the three venture onward to uncover the mysteries of the settlement and long-lost legacies of the forgotten adventurers who once descended into the horrors of the unexplored Abyss.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1864/122519.jpg'),
('Dungeon Meshi', 'TV', 24, 'Completed', '2024-01-04', '2024-06-13', '5', 'Adventuring knight Laios Touden leads a small party through a seemingly endless dungeon, a subterranean maze full of dangerous monsters and precarious traps. Through the use of advanced magic, an explorer can sometimes be resurrected, allowing them to learn from past mistakes and give traversing the dungeon another go. However, when a powerful dragon eats Falin, Laios'' spellcasting sister, she sends her brother and his companions back to the beginning to save them from permanent ends.

Though strapped for cash and equipment, Laios resolves to fight his way through the dungeon and rescue Falin before she can be digested by the dragon. Despite some of Laios'' allies abandoning him, two remain by his side: elven mage Marcille Donato and halfling locksmith Chilchuck Tims. Due to their lack of funds, the party faces the daunting prospect of starving before being able to complete their quest. However, they find salvation in Senshi, a dwarven warrior with a penchant for cooking and safely eating defeated monsters.

With Senshi''s culinary expertise, Laios and his companions struggle through the dungeon while learning about gourmet dining—and each other—along the way.

[Written by MAL Rewrite]', 1, 1, 'https://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/anime/1711/142478.jpg');

insert into watchlist (UserID, AnimeID, status)
values (1, 1, 'Watching'),
(1, 2, 'Watching'),
(1, 3, 'Watching'),
(1, 4, 'Watching'),
(1, 5, 'Watching'),
(2, 2, 'Watching'),
(2, 3, 'Completed'),
(2, 4, 'Plan to Watch'),
(2, 5, 'Plan to Watch'),
(3, 3, 'Plan to Watch'),
(3, 4, 'Watching'),
(3, 5, 'Completed'),
(4, 4, 'Plan to Watch'),
(4, 5, 'Completed'),
(5, 5, 'Completed')
;

select * from user;
select * from anime;

SELECT 
	a.AnimeID,
	a.title,
	a.type,
	a.episodes,
	a.status,
	a.airing_start,
	a.airing_end,
	a.rating,
	a.synopsis,
	a.image_url,
	s.studio_name,
	s.rating AS studio_rating,
	t.tag AS genre
FROM Anime a
JOIN Studio s ON a.StudioID = s.StudioID
JOIN Tags t ON a.TagID = t.TagID
where a.rating = 5
order by AnimeID ASC
;

SELECT 
    u.UserID, 
    u.username, 
    a.AnimeID, 
    a.title, 
    a.type, 
    a.episodes, 
    a.status AS anime_status, 
    a.airing_start, 
    a.airing_end, 
    a.rating, 
    a.synopsis, 
    s.studio_name, 
    t.tag, 
    w.status AS watchlist_status, 
    w.last_updated
FROM watchlist w
LEFT JOIN user u ON w.UserID = u.UserID
LEFT JOIN anime a ON w.AnimeID = a.AnimeID
LEFT JOIN studio s ON a.StudioID = s.StudioID
LEFT JOIN tags t ON a.TagID = t.TagID
WHERE u.UserID = 1
;
